---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_as2_partner Data Source - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An AS2Partner is a counterparty of the Files.com site's AS2 connectivity. Generally you will have one AS2 Partner created for each counterparty with whom you send and/or receive files via AS2.
---

# files_as2_partner (Data Source)

An AS2Partner is a counterparty of the Files.com site's AS2 connectivity. Generally you will have one AS2 Partner created for each counterparty with whom you send and/or receive files via AS2.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "files_as2_partner" "example_as2_partner" {
  id = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) ID of the AS2 Partner.

### Read-Only

- `as2_station_id` (Number) ID of the AS2 Station associated with this partner.
- `enable_dedicated_ips` (Boolean) If `true`, we will use your site's dedicated IPs for all outbound connections to this AS2 PArtner.
- `hex_public_certificate_serial` (String) Serial of public certificate used for message security in hex format.
- `http_auth_username` (String) Username to send to server for HTTP Authentication.
- `mdn_validation_level` (String) How should Files.com evaluate message transfer success based on a partner's MDN response?  This setting does not affect MDN storage; all MDNs received from a partner are always stored. `none`: MDN is stored for informational purposes only, a successful HTTPS transfer is a successful AS2 transfer. `weak`: Inspect the MDN for MIC and Disposition only. `normal`: `weak` plus validate MDN signature matches body, `strict`: `normal` but do not allow signatures from self-signed or incorrectly purposed certificates.
- `name` (String) The partner's formal AS2 name.
- `public_certificate_issuer` (String) Issuer of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_md5` (String) MD5 hash of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_not_after` (String) Not after value of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_not_before` (String) Not before value of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_serial` (String) Serial of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_subject` (String) Subject of public certificate used for message security.
- `server_certificate` (String) Should we require that the remote HTTP server have a valid SSL Certificate for HTTPS?
- `uri` (String) Public URI where we will send the AS2 messages (via HTTP/HTTPS).
