---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_bundle Data Source - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Bundles are the API/SDK term for the feature called Share Links in the web interface.
  The API provides the full set of actions related to Share Links, including sending them via E-Mail.
  Please note that we very closely monitor the E-Mailing feature and any abuse will result in disabling of your site.
---

# files_bundle (Data Source)

Bundles are the API/SDK term for the feature called Share Links in the web interface.

The API provides the full set of actions related to Share Links, including sending them via E-Mail.



Please note that we very closely monitor the E-Mailing feature and any abuse will result in disabling of your site.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "files_bundle" "example_bundle" {
  id = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) Bundle ID

### Read-Only

- `bundlepaths` (Dynamic) A list of bundlepaths in this bundle.  For performance reasons, this is not provided when listing bundles.
- `clickwrap_body` (String) Legal text that must be agreed to prior to accessing Bundle.
- `clickwrap_id` (Number) ID of the clickwrap to use with this bundle.
- `code` (String) Bundle code.  This code forms the end part of the Public URL.
- `color_left` (String) Page link and button color
- `color_link` (String) Top bar link color
- `color_text` (String) Page link and button color
- `color_top` (String) Top bar background color
- `color_top_text` (String) Top bar text color
- `created_at` (String) Bundle created at date/time
- `description` (String) Public description
- `dont_separate_submissions_by_folder` (Boolean) Do not create subfolders for files uploaded to this share. Note: there are subtle security pitfalls with allowing anonymous uploads from multiple users to live in the same folder. We strongly discourage use of this option unless absolutely required.
- `expires_at` (String) Bundle expiration date/time
- `form_field_set` (String) Custom Form to use
- `has_inbox` (Boolean) Does this bundle have an associated inbox?
- `inbox_id` (Number) ID of the associated inbox, if available.
- `max_uses` (Number) Maximum number of times bundle can be accessed
- `note` (String) Bundle internal note
- `password_protected` (Boolean) Is this bundle password protected?
- `path_template` (String) Template for creating submission subfolders. Can use the uploader's name, email address, ip, company, `strftime` directives, and any custom form data.
- `path_template_time_zone` (String) Timezone to use when rendering timestamps in path templates.
- `paths` (List of String) A list of paths in this bundle.  For performance reasons, this is not provided when listing bundles.
- `permissions` (String) Permissions that apply to Folders in this Share Link.
- `preview_only` (Boolean)
- `require_logout` (Boolean) If true, we will hide the 'Remember Me' box on the Bundle registration page, requiring that the user logout and log back in every time they visit the page.
- `require_registration` (Boolean) Show a registration page that captures the downloader's name and email address?
- `require_share_recipient` (Boolean) Only allow access to recipients who have explicitly received the share via an email sent through the Files.com UI?
- `send_email_receipt_to_uploader` (Boolean) Send delivery receipt to the uploader. Note: For writable share only
- `skip_company` (Boolean) BundleRegistrations can be saved without providing company?
- `skip_email` (Boolean) BundleRegistrations can be saved without providing email?
- `skip_name` (Boolean) BundleRegistrations can be saved without providing name?
- `snapshot_id` (Number) ID of the snapshot containing this bundle's contents.
- `start_access_on_date` (String) Date when share will start to be accessible. If `nil` access granted right after create.
- `url` (String) Public URL of Share Link
- `user_id` (Number) Bundle creator user ID
- `username` (String) Bundle creator username
- `watermark_attachment` (String) Preview watermark image applied to all bundle items.
- `watermark_value` (Dynamic) Preview watermark settings applied to all bundle items. Uses the same keys as Behavior.value
