---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_child_site_management_policy Data Source - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Child Site Management Policy is a centralized policy defined by a parent site to enforce consistent configurations across child sites. These policies allow parent sites to maintain control over specific aspects of their child sites' functionality and appearance.
  Policies can be applied to all child sites, or specific sites can be exempted from policy management by adding their site ID to the skip_child_site_ids parameter.
  The value field contains the policy configuration data, with the format varying based on the policy type. When a policy is active, its managed configurations are automatically enforced on applicable child sites, and attribute modifications are not permitted.
---

# files_child_site_management_policy (Data Source)

A Child Site Management Policy is a centralized policy defined by a parent site to enforce consistent configurations across child sites. These policies allow parent sites to maintain control over specific aspects of their child sites' functionality and appearance.



Policies can be applied to all child sites, or specific sites can be exempted from policy management by adding their site ID to the `skip_child_site_ids` parameter.



The `value` field contains the policy configuration data, with the format varying based on the policy type. When a policy is active, its managed configurations are automatically enforced on applicable child sites, and attribute modifications are not permitted.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "files_child_site_management_policy" "example_child_site_management_policy" {
  id = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) Policy ID.

### Read-Only

- `applied_child_site_ids` (List of Number) IDs of child sites that this policy has been applied to. This field is read-only.
- `created_at` (String) When this policy was created.
- `description` (String) Description for this policy.
- `name` (String) Name for this policy.
- `policy_type` (String) Type of policy.  Valid values: `settings`.
- `skip_child_site_ids` (List of Number) IDs of child sites that this policy has been exempted from. If `skip_child_site_ids` is empty, the policy will be applied to all child sites. To apply a policy to a child site that has been exempted, remove it from `skip_child_site_ids` or set it to an empty array (`[]`).
- `updated_at` (String) When this policy was last updated.
- `value` (Dynamic) Policy configuration data. Attributes differ by policy type. For more information, refer to the Value Hash section of the developer documentation.
