---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_folder Data Source - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# files_folder (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "files_folder" "example_folder" {
  path = "path"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `path` (String) File/Folder path. This must be slash-delimited, but it must neither start nor end with a slash. Maximum of 5000 characters.

### Read-Only

- `crc32` (String) File CRC32 checksum. This is sometimes delayed, so if you get a blank response, wait and try again.
- `created_at` (String) File created date/time
- `created_by_api_key_id` (Number) ID of the API key that created the file/folder
- `created_by_as2_incoming_message_id` (Number) ID of the AS2 Incoming Message that created the file/folder
- `created_by_automation_id` (Number) ID of the Automation that created the file/folder
- `created_by_bundle_registration_id` (Number) ID of the Bundle Registration that created the file/folder
- `created_by_id` (Number) User ID of the User who created the file/folder
- `created_by_inbox_id` (Number) ID of the Inbox that created the file/folder
- `created_by_remote_server_id` (Number) ID of the Remote Server that created the file/folder
- `created_by_remote_server_sync_id` (Number) ID of the Remote Server Sync that created the file/folder
- `custom_metadata` (Dynamic) Custom metadata map of keys and values. Limited to 32 keys, 256 characters per key and 1024 characters per value.
- `display_name` (String) File/Folder display name
- `download_uri` (String) Link to download file. Provided only in response to a download request.
- `is_locked` (Boolean) Is this folder locked and unable to be modified?
- `last_modified_by_api_key_id` (Number) ID of the API key that last modified the file/folder
- `last_modified_by_automation_id` (Number) ID of the Automation that last modified the file/folder
- `last_modified_by_bundle_registration_id` (Number) ID of the Bundle Registration that last modified the file/folder
- `last_modified_by_id` (Number) User ID of the User who last modified the file/folder
- `last_modified_by_remote_server_id` (Number) ID of the Remote Server that last modified the file/folder
- `last_modified_by_remote_server_sync_id` (Number) ID of the Remote Server Sync that last modified the file/folder
- `md5` (String) File MD5 checksum. This is sometimes delayed, so if you get a blank response, wait and try again.
- `mime_type` (String) MIME Type.  This is determined by the filename extension and is not stored separately internally.
- `mtime` (String) File last modified date/time, according to the server.  This is the timestamp of the last Files.com operation of the file, regardless of what modified timestamp was sent.
- `permissions` (String) A short string representing the current user's permissions.  Can be `r` (Read),`w` (Write),`d` (Delete), `l` (List) or any combination
- `preview` (String) File preview
- `preview_id` (Number) File preview ID
- `priority_color` (String) Bookmark/priority color of file/folder
- `provided_mtime` (String) File last modified date/time, according to the client who set it.  Files.com allows desktop, FTP, SFTP, and WebDAV clients to set modified at times.  This allows Desktop<->Cloud syncing to preserve modified at times.
- `region` (String) Region location
- `size` (Number) File/Folder size
- `subfolders_locked` (Boolean) Are subfolders locked and unable to be modified?
- `type` (String) Type: `directory` or `file`.
