---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_notification Data Source - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Notifications are our feature that send E-Mails when new files are uploaded into a folder.
---

# files_notification (Data Source)

Notifications are our feature that send E-Mails when new files are uploaded into a folder.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "files_notification" "example_notification" {
  id = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) Notification ID

### Read-Only

- `group_id` (Number) ID of Group to receive notifications
- `group_name` (String) Group name, if a Group ID is set
- `message` (String) Custom message to include in notification emails
- `notify_on_copy` (Boolean) Trigger on files copied to this path?
- `notify_on_delete` (Boolean) Trigger on files deleted in this path?
- `notify_on_download` (Boolean) Trigger on files downloaded in this path?
- `notify_on_move` (Boolean) Trigger on files moved to this path?
- `notify_on_upload` (Boolean) Trigger on files created/uploaded/updated/changed in this path?
- `notify_user_actions` (Boolean) If true, will send notifications about a user's own activity to that user.  If false, only activity performed by other users (or anonymous users) will be sent in notifications.
- `path` (String) Folder path to notify on This must be slash-delimited, but it must neither start nor end with a slash. Maximum of 5000 characters.
- `recursive` (Boolean) Apply notification recursively?  This will enable notifications for each subfolder.
- `send_interval` (String) The time interval that notifications are aggregated to
- `suppressed_email` (Boolean) If true, it means that the recipient at this user's email address has manually unsubscribed from all emails, or had their email "hard bounce", which means that we are unable to send mail to this user's current email address. Notifications will resume if the user changes their email address.
- `trigger_by_share_recipients` (Boolean) Notify when actions are performed by a share recipient?
- `triggering_filenames` (List of String) Array of filenames (possibly with wildcards) to scope trigger
- `triggering_group_ids` (List of Number) If set, will only notify on actions made by a member of one of the specified groups
- `triggering_user_ids` (List of Number) If set, will onlynotify on actions made one of the specified users
- `unsubscribed` (Boolean) Is the user unsubscribed from this notification?
- `unsubscribed_reason` (String) The reason that the user unsubscribed
- `user_id` (Number) Notification user ID
- `username` (String) Notification username
