---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_remote_mount_backend Data Source - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Remote Mount Backend is used to provide high availability for a Remote Server Mount Folder Behavior.
---

# files_remote_mount_backend (Data Source)

A Remote Mount Backend is used to provide high availability for a Remote Server Mount Folder Behavior.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "files_remote_mount_backend" "example_remote_mount_backend" {
  id = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) Remote Mount Backend ID.

### Read-Only

- `canary_file_path` (String) Path to the canary file used for health checks.
- `enabled` (Boolean) True if this backend is enabled.
- `fall` (Number) Number of consecutive failures before considering the backend unhealthy.
- `health_check_enabled` (Boolean) True if health checks are enabled for this backend.
- `health_check_type` (String) Type of health check to perform.
- `interval` (Number) Interval in seconds between health checks.
- `min_free_cpu` (String) Minimum free CPU percentage required for this backend to be considered healthy.
- `min_free_mem` (String) Minimum free memory percentage required for this backend to be considered healthy.
- `priority` (Number) Priority of this backend.
- `remote_path` (String) Path on the remote server to treat as the root of this mount.
- `remote_server_id` (Number) The remote server that this backend is associated with.
- `remote_server_mount_id` (Number) The mount ID of the Remote Server Mount that this backend is associated with.
- `rise` (Number) Number of consecutive successes before considering the backend healthy.
- `status` (String) Status of this backend.
- `undergoing_maintenance` (Boolean) True if this backend is undergoing maintenance.
