---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_user_lifecycle_rule Data Source - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A UserLifecycleRule represents a rule that applies to users based on their inactivity, state and authentication method.
  The rule either disable or delete users who have been inactive or disabled for a specified number of days.
  The authentication_method property specifies the authentication method for the rule, which can be set to "all" or other specific methods.
  The rule can also include or exclude site and folder admins from the action.
---

# files_user_lifecycle_rule (Data Source)

A UserLifecycleRule represents a rule that applies to users based on their inactivity, state and authentication method.



The rule either disable or delete users who have been inactive or disabled for a specified number of days.



The authentication_method property specifies the authentication method for the rule, which can be set to "all" or other specific methods.



The rule can also include or exclude site and folder admins from the action.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "files_user_lifecycle_rule" "example_user_lifecycle_rule" {
  id = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) User Lifecycle Rule ID

### Read-Only

- `action` (String) Action to take on inactive users (disable or delete)
- `authentication_method` (String) User authentication method for which the rule will apply.
- `group_ids` (List of Number) Array of Group IDs to which the rule applies. If empty or not set, the rule applies to all users.
- `inactivity_days` (Number) Number of days of inactivity before the rule applies
- `include_folder_admins` (Boolean) If true, the rule will apply to folder admins.
- `include_site_admins` (Boolean) If true, the rule will apply to site admins.
- `name` (String) User Lifecycle Rule name
- `partner_tag` (String) If provided, only users belonging to Partners with this tag at the Partner level will be affected by the rule. Tags must only contain lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens.
- `site_id` (Number) Site ID
- `user_state` (String) State of the users to apply the rule to (inactive or disabled)
- `user_tag` (String) If provided, only users with this tag will be affected by the rule. Tags must only contain lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens.
