---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_as2_station Resource - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An AS2Station is a remote AS2 server that can send data into Files.com and receive data from Files.com.
---

# files_as2_station (Resource)

An AS2Station is a remote AS2 server that can send data into Files.com and receive data from Files.com.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "files_as2_station" "example_as2_station" {
  name               = "AS2 Station Name"
  workspace_id       = 1
  public_certificate = "public_certificate"
  private_key        = "private_key"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `name` (String) The station's formal AS2 name.
- `private_key` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments))
- `public_certificate` (String) Public certificate used for message security.

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `private_key_password` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments))
- `workspace_id` (Number) ID of the Workspace associated with this AS2 Station.

### Read-Only

- `domain` (String) The station's AS2 domain name.
- `hex_public_certificate_serial` (String) Serial of public certificate used for message security in hex format.
- `id` (Number) Id of the AS2 Station.
- `private_key_md5` (String) MD5 hash of private key used for message security.
- `private_key_password_md5` (String) MD5 hash of private key password used for message security.
- `public_certificate_issuer` (String) Issuer of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_md5` (String) MD5 hash of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_not_after` (String) Not after value of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_not_before` (String) Not before value of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_serial` (String) Serial of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_subject` (String) Subject of public certificate used for message security.
- `uri` (String) Public URI for sending AS2 message to.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# As2 Stations can be imported by specifying the id.
terraform import files_as2_station.example_as2_station 1
```
