---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_as2_partner Resource - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An AS2Partner is a counterparty of the Files.com site's AS2 connectivity. Generally you will have one AS2 Partner created for each counterparty with whom you send and/or receive files via AS2.
---

# files_as2_partner (Resource)

An AS2Partner is a counterparty of the Files.com site's AS2 connectivity. Generally you will have one AS2 Partner created for each counterparty with whom you send and/or receive files via AS2.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "files_as2_partner" "example_as2_partner" {
  enable_dedicated_ips       = true
  http_auth_username         = "username"
  mdn_validation_level       = "none"
  signature_validation_level = "normal"
  server_certificate         = "require_match"
  default_mime_type          = "application/octet-stream"
  additional_http_headers    = {
    key = "example value"
  }
  as2_station_id             = 1
  name                       = "AS2 Partner Name"
  uri                        = "example"
  public_certificate         = "public_certificate"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `as2_station_id` (Number) ID of the AS2 Station associated with this partner.
- `name` (String) The partner's formal AS2 name.
- `public_certificate` (String) Public certificate used for message security.
- `uri` (String) Public URI where we will send the AS2 messages (via HTTP/HTTPS).

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `additional_http_headers` (Dynamic) Additional HTTP Headers for outgoing message sent to this partner.
- `default_mime_type` (String) Default mime type of the file attached to the encrypted message
- `enable_dedicated_ips` (Boolean) If `true`, we will use your site's dedicated IPs for all outbound connections to this AS2 Partner.
- `http_auth_password` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Password to send to server for HTTP Authentication.
- `http_auth_username` (String) Username to send to server for HTTP Authentication.
- `mdn_validation_level` (String) How should Files.com evaluate message transfer success based on a partner's MDN response?  This setting does not affect MDN storage; all MDNs received from a partner are always stored. `none`: MDN is stored for informational purposes only, a successful HTTPS transfer is a successful AS2 transfer. `weak`: Inspect the MDN for MIC and Disposition only. `normal`: `weak` plus validate MDN signature matches body, `strict`: `normal` but do not allow signatures from self-signed or incorrectly purposed certificates. `auto`: Automatically set the correct value for this setting based on next mdn received.
- `server_certificate` (String) Should we require that the remote HTTP server have a valid SSL Certificate for HTTPS? (This only applies to Outgoing AS2 message from Files.com to a Partner.)
- `signature_validation_level` (String) Should Files.com require signatures on incoming AS2 messages?  `normal`: require that incoming messages are signed with a valid matching signature. `none`: Unsigned incoming messages are allowed. `auto`: Automatically set the correct value for this setting based on next message received.

### Read-Only

- `hex_public_certificate_serial` (String) Serial of public certificate used for message security in hex format.
- `id` (Number) ID of the AS2 Partner.
- `public_certificate_issuer` (String) Issuer of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_md5` (String) MD5 hash of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_not_after` (String) Not after value of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_not_before` (String) Not before value of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_serial` (String) Serial of public certificate used for message security.
- `public_certificate_subject` (String) Subject of public certificate used for message security.
- `workspace_id` (Number) ID of the Workspace associated with this AS2 Partner.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# As2 Partners can be imported by specifying the id.
terraform import files_as2_partner.example_as2_partner 1
```
