---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_bundle Resource - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Bundle is the API/SDK term for the feature called Share Links in the web interface.
  The API provides the full set of actions related to Share Links, including sending them via E-Mail.
  Please note that we very closely monitor the E-Mailing feature and any abuse will result in disabling of your site.
---

# files_bundle (Resource)

A Bundle is the API/SDK term for the feature called Share Links in the web interface.

The API provides the full set of actions related to Share Links, including sending them via E-Mail.



Please note that we very closely monitor the E-Mailing feature and any abuse will result in disabling of your site.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "files_bundle" "example_bundle" {
  user_id                             = 1
  paths                               = ["file.txt"]
  password                            = "Password"
  form_field_set_id                   = 1
  create_snapshot                     = false
  dont_separate_submissions_by_folder = true
  expires_at                          = "2000-01-01T01:00:00Z"
  finalize_snapshot                   = false
  max_uses                            = 1
  description                         = "The public description of the bundle."
  note                                = "The internal note on the bundle."
  code                                = "abc123"
  path_template                       = "{{name}}_{{ip}}"
  path_template_time_zone             = "Eastern Time (US & Canada)"
  permissions                         = "read"
  require_registration                = false
  clickwrap_id                        = 1
  inbox_id                            = 1
  require_share_recipient             = false
  send_email_receipt_to_uploader      = true
  skip_email                          = true
  skip_name                           = true
  skip_company                        = true
  start_access_on_date                = "2000-01-01T01:00:00Z"
  snapshot_id                         = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `paths` (List of String) A list of paths in this bundle.  For performance reasons, this is not provided when listing bundles.

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `clickwrap_id` (Number) ID of the clickwrap to use with this bundle.
- `code` (String) Bundle code.  This code forms the end part of the Public URL.
- `create_snapshot` (Boolean, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) If true, create a snapshot of this bundle's contents.
- `description` (String) Public description
- `dont_separate_submissions_by_folder` (Boolean) Do not create subfolders for files uploaded to this share. Note: there are subtle security pitfalls with allowing anonymous uploads from multiple users to live in the same folder. We strongly discourage use of this option unless absolutely required.
- `expires_at` (String) Bundle expiration date/time
- `finalize_snapshot` (Boolean, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) If true, finalize the snapshot of this bundle's contents. Note that `create_snapshot` must also be true.
- `form_field_set_id` (Number, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Id of Form Field Set to use with this bundle
- `inbox_id` (Number) ID of the associated inbox, if available.
- `max_uses` (Number) Maximum number of times bundle can be accessed
- `note` (String) Bundle internal note
- `password` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Password for this bundle.
- `path_template` (String) Template for creating submission subfolders. Can use the uploader's name, email address, ip, company, `strftime` directives, and any custom form data.
- `path_template_time_zone` (String) Timezone to use when rendering timestamps in path templates.
- `permissions` (String) Permissions that apply to Folders in this Share Link.
- `require_registration` (Boolean) Show a registration page that captures the downloader's name and email address?
- `require_share_recipient` (Boolean) Only allow access to recipients who have explicitly received the share via an email sent through the Files.com UI?
- `send_email_receipt_to_uploader` (Boolean) Send delivery receipt to the uploader. Note: For writable share only
- `skip_company` (Boolean) BundleRegistrations can be saved without providing company?
- `skip_email` (Boolean) BundleRegistrations can be saved without providing email?
- `skip_name` (Boolean) BundleRegistrations can be saved without providing name?
- `snapshot_id` (Number) ID of the snapshot containing this bundle's contents.
- `start_access_on_date` (String) Date when share will start to be accessible. If `nil` access granted right after create.
- `user_id` (Number) Bundle creator user ID

### Read-Only

- `bundlepaths` (Dynamic) A list of bundlepaths in this bundle.  For performance reasons, this is not provided when listing bundles.
- `clickwrap_body` (String) Legal text that must be agreed to prior to accessing Bundle.
- `color_left` (String) Page link and button color
- `color_link` (String) Top bar link color
- `color_text` (String) Page link and button color
- `color_top` (String) Top bar background color
- `color_top_text` (String) Top bar text color
- `created_at` (String) Bundle created at date/time
- `dont_allow_folders_in_uploads` (Boolean) Should folder uploads be prevented?
- `form_field_set` (String) Custom Form to use
- `has_inbox` (Boolean) Does this bundle have an associated inbox?
- `id` (Number) Bundle ID
- `password_protected` (Boolean) Is this bundle password protected?
- `preview_only` (Boolean)
- `require_logout` (Boolean) If true, we will hide the 'Remember Me' box on the Bundle registration page, requiring that the user logout and log back in every time they visit the page.
- `url` (String) Public URL of Share Link
- `username` (String) Bundle creator username
- `watermark_attachment` (String) Preview watermark image applied to all bundle items.
- `watermark_value` (Dynamic) Preview watermark settings applied to all bundle items. Uses the same keys as Behavior.value

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Bundles can be imported by specifying the id.
terraform import files_bundle.example_bundle 1
```
