---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_group Resource - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Group is a powerful tool for permissions and user management on Files.com. Users can belong to multiple groups.
  All permissions can be managed via Groups, and Groups can also be synced to your identity platform via LDAP or SCIM.
  Files.com's Group Admin feature allows you to define Group Admins, who then have access to add and remove users within their groups.
---

# files_group (Resource)

A Group is a powerful tool for permissions and user management on Files.com. Users can belong to multiple groups.



All permissions can be managed via Groups, and Groups can also be synced to your identity platform via LDAP or SCIM.



Files.com's Group Admin feature allows you to define Group Admins, who then have access to add and remove users within their groups.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "files_group" "example_group" {
  notes              = "example"
  user_ids           = 1
  admin_ids          = 1
  ftp_permission     = true
  sftp_permission    = true
  dav_permission     = true
  restapi_permission = true
  allowed_ips        = "10.0.0.0/8\n127.0.0.1"
  name               = "name"
  workspace_id       = 0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Group name

### Optional

- `admin_ids` (String) Comma-delimited list of user IDs who are group administrators (separated by commas)
- `allowed_ips` (String) A list of allowed IPs if applicable.  Newline delimited
- `dav_permission` (Boolean) If true, users in this group can use WebDAV to login.  This will override a false value of `dav_permission` on the user level.
- `ftp_permission` (Boolean) If true, users in this group can use FTP to login.  This will override a false value of `ftp_permission` on the user level.
- `notes` (String) Notes about this group
- `restapi_permission` (Boolean) If true, users in this group can use the REST API to login.  This will override a false value of `restapi_permission` on the user level.
- `sftp_permission` (Boolean) If true, users in this group can use SFTP to login.  This will override a false value of `sftp_permission` on the user level.
- `user_ids` (String) Comma-delimited list of user IDs who belong to this group (separated by commas)
- `workspace_id` (Number) Workspace ID

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Group ID
- `site_id` (Number) Site ID
- `usernames` (String) Comma-delimited list of usernames who belong to this group (separated by commas)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Groups can be imported by specifying the id.
terraform import files_group.example_group 1
```
