---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_notification Resource - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Notification is our feature that sends E-Mails when specific actions occur in the folder.
  Emails are sent in batches, with email frequency options of every 5 minutes, every 15 minutes, hourly, or daily. They will include a list of the matching actions within the configured notification period, limited to the first 100.
---

# files_notification (Resource)

A Notification is our feature that sends E-Mails when specific actions occur in the folder.



Emails are sent in batches, with email frequency options of every 5 minutes, every 15 minutes, hourly, or daily. They will include a list of the matching actions within the configured notification period, limited to the first 100.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "files_notification" "example_notification" {
  user_id                     = 1
  notify_on_copy              = true
  notify_on_delete            = true
  notify_on_download          = true
  notify_on_move              = true
  notify_on_upload            = true
  notify_user_actions         = true
  recursive                   = true
  send_interval               = "daily"
  message                     = "custom notification email message"
  triggering_filenames        = ["*.jpg", "notify_file.txt"]
  triggering_group_ids        = [1]
  triggering_user_ids         = [1]
  trigger_by_share_recipients = true
  group_id                    = 1
  username                    = "User"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `group_id` (Number) ID of Group to receive notifications
- `message` (String) Custom message to include in notification emails
- `notify_on_copy` (Boolean) Trigger on files copied to this path?
- `notify_on_delete` (Boolean) Trigger on files deleted in this path?
- `notify_on_download` (Boolean) Trigger on files downloaded in this path?
- `notify_on_move` (Boolean) Trigger on files moved to this path?
- `notify_on_upload` (Boolean) Trigger on files created/uploaded/updated/changed in this path?
- `notify_user_actions` (Boolean) If true, will send notifications about a user's own activity to that user.  If false, only activity performed by other users (or anonymous users) will be sent in notifications.
- `path` (String) Folder path to notify on. This must be slash-delimited, but it must neither start nor end with a slash. Maximum of 5000 characters.
- `recursive` (Boolean) Apply notification recursively?  This will enable notifications for each subfolder.
- `send_interval` (String) The time interval that notifications are aggregated to
- `trigger_by_share_recipients` (Boolean) Notify when actions are performed by a share recipient?
- `triggering_filenames` (List of String) Array of filenames (possibly with wildcards) to scope trigger
- `triggering_group_ids` (List of Number) If set, will only notify on actions made by a member of one of the specified groups
- `triggering_user_ids` (List of Number) If set, will onlynotify on actions made one of the specified users
- `user_id` (Number) Notification user ID
- `username` (String) Notification username

### Read-Only

- `group_name` (String) Group name, if a Group ID is set
- `id` (Number) Notification ID
- `suppressed_email` (Boolean) If true, it means that the recipient at this user's email address has manually unsubscribed from all emails, or had their email "hard bounce", which means that we are unable to send mail to this user's current email address. Notifications will resume if the user changes their email address.
- `unsubscribed` (Boolean) Is the user unsubscribed from this notification?
- `unsubscribed_reason` (String) The reason that the user unsubscribed

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Notifications can be imported by specifying the id.
terraform import files_notification.example_notification 1
```
