---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "files_sync Resource - files"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Sync represents a file synchronization job between two locations (local-remote, remote-remote, local-child_site, etc).
  It can be scheduled, run manually, or triggered by custom logic.
  Syncs track their runs, status, and configuration.
---

# files_sync (Resource)

A Sync represents a file synchronization job between two locations (local-remote, remote-remote, local-child_site, etc). 

It can be scheduled, run manually, or triggered by custom logic. 

Syncs track their runs, status, and configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "files_sync" "example_sync" {
  delete_empty_folders  = true
  description           = "example"
  dest_path             = "example"
  dest_remote_server_id = 1
  disabled              = true
  exclude_patterns      = ["example"]
  holiday_region        = "us_dc"
  include_patterns      = ["example"]
  interval              = "week"
  keep_after_copy       = true
  name                  = "example"
  recurring_day         = 25
  schedule_days_of_week = [0, 2, 4]
  schedule_time_zone    = "Eastern Time (US & Canada)"
  schedule_times_of_day = ["06:30", "14:30"]
  src_path              = "example"
  src_remote_server_id  = 1
  sync_interval_minutes = 1
  trigger               = "example"
  trigger_file          = "example"
  workspace_id          = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `delete_empty_folders` (Boolean) Delete empty folders after sync?
- `description` (String) Description for this sync job
- `dest_path` (String) Absolute destination path for the sync
- `dest_remote_server_id` (Number) Remote server ID for the destination (if remote)
- `disabled` (Boolean) Is this sync disabled?
- `exclude_patterns` (List of String) Array of glob patterns to exclude
- `holiday_region` (String) If trigger is `custom_schedule`, the sync will check if there is a formal, observed holiday for the region, and if so, it will not run.
- `include_patterns` (List of String) Array of glob patterns to include
- `interval` (String) If trigger is `daily`, this specifies how often to run this sync.  One of: `day`, `week`, `week_end`, `month`, `month_end`, `quarter`, `quarter_end`, `year`, `year_end`
- `keep_after_copy` (Boolean) Keep files after copying?
- `name` (String) Name for this sync job
- `recurring_day` (Number) If trigger type is `daily`, this specifies a day number to run in one of the supported intervals: `week`, `month`, `quarter`, `year`.
- `schedule_days_of_week` (List of Number) If trigger is `custom_schedule`, Custom schedule description for when the sync should be run. 0-based days of the week. 0 is Sunday, 1 is Monday, etc.
- `schedule_time_zone` (String) If trigger is `custom_schedule`, Custom schedule Time Zone for when the sync should be run.
- `schedule_times_of_day` (List of String) If trigger is `custom_schedule`, Custom schedule description for when the sync should be run. Times of day in HH:MM format.
- `src_path` (String) Absolute source path for the sync
- `src_remote_server_id` (Number) Remote server ID for the source (if remote)
- `sync_interval_minutes` (Number) Frequency in minutes between syncs. If set, this value must be greater than or equal to the `remote_sync_interval` value for the site's plan. If left blank, the plan's `remote_sync_interval` will be used. This setting is only used if `trigger` is empty.
- `trigger` (String) Trigger type: daily, custom_schedule, or manual
- `trigger_file` (String) Some MFT services request an empty file (known as a trigger file) to signal the sync is complete and they can begin further processing. If trigger_file is set, a zero-byte file will be sent at the end of the sync.
- `workspace_id` (Number) Workspace ID this sync belongs to

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) When this sync was created
- `dest_site_id` (Number) Destination site ID if syncing to a child or partner site
- `id` (Number) Sync ID
- `latest_sync_run` (String) The latest run of this sync
- `site_id` (Number) Site ID this sync belongs to
- `src_site_id` (Number) Source site ID if syncing from a child or partner site
- `two_way` (Boolean) Is this a two-way sync?
- `updated_at` (String) When this sync was last updated
- `user_id` (Number) User who created or owns this sync

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Syncs can be imported by specifying the id.
terraform import files_sync.example_sync 1
```
